{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16420\viewh13020\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Video 1\
hey guys just a quick one here on funding your crypto account so if you guys are based out of usa and your main exchange is that you're using a crypto.com or coinbase or any of the other usa regulated exchanges and you want to just simply send money over to binance buybit kucoin bit get the process is exactly the same so just treat these accounts here your us accounts they're very important because you guys will use these to extract money straight into your bank account right so the way you want to trade is like this if you're in usa predominantly you'll be using kucoin for example so with kucoin you simply treat kucoin as an account that you use to trade you literally use it to trade make profits that's it once you guys have made profits on kucoin you can send it back over to Coinbase, back over to crypto.com, and then withdraw straight into your bank account. And you'll just be doing exchanges within the exchanges, however often you need to do it. So if you guys need to deposit from crypto.com or Coinbase into any of the exchanges like KuCoin, Bybit, it's really easy, guys. Just come over to the exchange that you want to deposit onto. First, select the coin you want to deposit. Since we're predominantly trading with USDT, That's the one I would recommend. You just simply select USDT. Now the chain type is really important, guys. Make sure the chain that you're using is supported and it matches. So for example, if you're sending from crypto.com or Coinbase and you're going to send USDT, first on crypto.com, confirm the chain type. The most simple as usual is ERC20. And just make sure on Bybit, KuCoin, Binance, BitGet, that you're also using the ERC20 chain. Acknowledge, generate a deposit address, simply copy the address, come back over to whatever account you're using, paste it in, and send straight over. So just think of Coinbase and Crypto.com as the predominant accounts you'll be using to funnel funds into your bank account. And then KuCoin, Binance, BitGet, Bybit are what we'll be using to trade. Thanks for your time, guys. \
\
Video2 \
hey guys so just a quick video for any of our usa clients looking to get access to exchanges like bit get buy bit things like that that are locked out what i want to be clear on first the buy bit exchange as of right now even through a vpn you will not be able to access it from america well you You'll be able to access it and trade it, but you won't be able to automate it through API. If you do want to run on exchanges like Bitfinex, though, for example, or BitGet, where our algorithms are both supported on those exchanges, and you want to run them out of America and get access to derivative services, this is very, very simple to do. All you guys need to do is download a VPN. I recommend either ExpressVPN or Surfshark. They're the cheapest. The trick here, guys, is to download the VPN and then simply set your location to somewhere else. So set it to Australia, set it to UK, Europe, anywhere around those areas that speak English. And then what you guys can go ahead and do once your IP address has changed is simply create an account. You don't need to KYC, so you don't need to upload ID information, anything like that, and simply just create an account like that. This is a loophole that so many people are doing in countries where they're just restricting your access to derivatives and making it extremely difficult for you guys to get access to leverage and derivative services. So this is optional. You guys don't have to do this by any means. But if you are looking to access derivatives exchanges inside America, be aware it is possible. You just simply have to download a VPN, change your IP address, and then go ahead and create an account on the selected exchange like so. So just wanted to share this information with you guys because it's important. And if you have any issues at all, guys, always reach out to support. We've got such a strong team. We'll always be there for you. Thanks for your time today, guys. \
\
video 3\
Alright guys, welcome to the first lesson for Minotaur trading systems. Now today what I'm going to be teaching you how to do is essentially a top-down explanation on using the Bybit exchange. Now, the reason we use Bybit, the reason it's advantageous, especially for automated trading, is that essentially all the exchanges charge a set fee or a cost for taking trades. So all this means is they're going to be making commissions every time you make a trade, whether that be a win or a loss, they're going to be taking a small fee. Now, whether they're using specific commissions determined by if you're trading the spot or the derivatives market, which I will get into, I'll run you through essentially why they do that and how that works. But once again, the main reason we're using with Bybit here is that they offer the lowest fees and the lowest spreads, meaning essentially, in essence, you're going to be saving on your trades. And that's really important, especially with some different styles of scalpel setups that we use that essentially take a lot of trades. For something like that, you're going to really want to minimize how much you're spending per trade. Not only that, obviously in the crypto space, you really want an exchange that's reliable. Bybit's been around for a really long time. In my opinion, they're the best in the game and they're accepted in essentially every country with no restrictions. So that alone, in essence, makes it, in my opinion, easily the best exchange out there, especially for automated trading. Now, when it comes to Bybit, there's a lot of different features. Now, I'm not going to explain all of it because a lot of it isn't necessary to what we're actually doing. What matters here is getting a basic understanding of how to use the exchange and essentially be able to come in and automate trades with ease. Once you've got a good grip on the exchange, everything else kind of falls into place. And that's the reason this is the first lesson for this course, because you need to have a deep understanding of how the exchange works. Or at least, at the bare minimum, how to use the features that we need to know how to use. So guys, let's get into it. When it comes to Bybit, the easiest way to use it, and the way I was taught, is to use it from a left to right sort of philosophy. Now, what this means is essentially following along up the top and learning each module as you go. Once we come over to the buy crypto page, this is super easy. All you can do is essentially come over, use a number of different methods, either a bank transfer or if you click this button here, it's going to take you to a potential credit card payment option as well. This is how easy it is to come in and literally pay, essentially, to buy crypto through fiat. Fiat meaning money from you. If you wanted to actually purchase or swap exchange cryptos from another exchange, I'll show you how to do that as well. This is how simple it is for a one-click buy system to essentially come into Bybit, decide whether you want to do a bank transfer or crypto, decide what currency you want to spend. So in my case, I'm in Australia, I'm going to be using AUD, then essentially deciding the crypto you want to buy. Now you've got a list of cryptocurrencies here you can purchase, but for this exercise, we're going to be doing USDT, because essentially that's what we're going to be trading against. So you guys just purchase as much USDT as you need. Now the reason we do this as well is that USDT is essentially a highly liquid stable coin which is pegged to the United States dollar. And what I mean by that is it's got a large reserve of highly liquid cash assets that back it, which means that when you buy this, if it takes you a day or two or a couple hours to get the bots going, getting everything set up, you're not running yourself a risk of essentially your assets fluctuating in price. Now, if you want to start with Bitcoin or you want to buy Bitcoin, that's fine. But just be warned, you do have the potential for your assets price to either go down or up. Now, if it goes up, that's great. But if it goes down, you've lost money. So do bear that in mind. It's important, in my opinion, to purchase USDT. Because essentially, at the end of the day, you want to be accumulating something that is not fluctuating in price. That's how easy it is to come onto Bybit and essentially buy crypto. Now, what we're going to be looking at next is essentially the markets. Now, the market overview, all this is going to do is essentially bring you on and show you new listings on the market, specific coins that have actually come into the system now and that have been actively traded through Bybit. We can come down here and we can see the top gainers, meaning essentially which assets have moved the most in a 24-hour period in price. Now, in terms of a leaderboard, this is traders that have essentially had massive gains on their account. So they are now essentially up and displaying in the leaderboard. Guys like here, 114%, 86%, and 90%. Now, when you come to master traders, this is essentially just showing you some of the best traders on Bybit that you can essentially come in, watch how they trade, watch what they do. So it's really cool. You've got a lot of options here on Bybit and it's really transparent. That's what we like about it here so much at Minotaur Trading Systems is that they're transparent about everything. There's nothing being hidden. That's really important, especially in the crypto market. And if we come down here, you can just simply see the markets that are available to trade. Now, when I say market, this means individual assets that have their own markets set for them that you can trade up or down. And if you come down here, you can obviously just see all the assets that are tradable on Bybit. It's a really cool, massive list of options here. Now, what we're looking at now is the derivatives market. Now, what the derivatives market means is essentially you're coming in with the chance to also buy and sell. So buy meaning buying long, meaning what you're assuming is that the price is going to go up and then price increasing, you'll make a profit. When you go short or sell in the futures market, what this means is rather than actually just selling out of your position, what you're actually doing by taking a short is you're taking essentially a leverage bet that the market is going to go down. And all this means is that when price falls, you're going to make money as the market comes down. This is what a lot of people get confused with. If you're just trading the spot market, which I'll show you in a second, all you're doing is buying and selling. So when you sell, essentially you're selling into either USDT or into another asset. The difference on derivatives when you're selling, realize this, is that you are now shorting the market. So once again, you're taking a hedged bet on the idea or the concept that the market is going to fall and then making a profit as the market falls. So this is why we actually trade the derivatives market because it gives us this ability to trade with the direction of the market, but not even necessarily the direction. You can trade the direction that you want to go or the way that you believe it's going to go. And that's really important because so many strategies, so many systems out there only allow you to buy, buy, buy. But the problem is when the market's in the condition that it is now with heavy selling pressure, you need to have a really good understanding of how to trade up and how to trade down. And that's what our bots do. And I'll show you guys all about that. Now, when it comes to the spot market, think about the spot market as essentially just buying and selling assets. Now the spot market's really awesome because there's actually no fees at all on the spot market. So let me explain that again. There is zero trading fees trading the spot market. So every trade you take, Bybit is not going to take any commissions out of your trade whatsoever. It's not the same for the derivatives market because what you're doing is taking hedge bets on direction and especially if you leverage a position, they're going to take even more commission. But once again, I'll get into that later. Just simply showing you guys the difference here between the spot and the derivatives market. Now, in terms of actually trading the market, what we want to do now is come over to trade. Now, when you come over to trade, it'll give you a lot of different options here of what you can do. We're not going to focus on margin trading, and we're not going to focus on leverage tokens or the buy bit trading box, because it's very basic and it doesn't really do well. There's no point looking at that. What we are going to be looking at is the spot market today. Because the reason we're not looking at marginal leverage is we're going to be doing that through the derivatives module, which I'll run you through in a minute. So if we come here to spot trading, we just simply click. What you're going to get here is Bybit's spot module. Now you're probably looking at this going, what the hell is going on? I don't really understand it. I'm going to teach you that now, so don't stress. All we're seeing here very simply, if we come here is a chart displaying Bybit's time frame and what this actual price action is doing for the asset selected. So first of all, if you want to choose an asset, you just simply come here, you click this, and it's going to give you a drop down list of all assets that are actively being trading through the spot market. For the example, we're just going to stick to Bitcoin. Now, what's important to understand here is this is actually very easy to use. Just don't confuse yourself and once again, use that philosophy of left to right because it works really well using Bybit. So all you start off with is picking your asset to trade. Then you get a visualization of that asset and what its actual price is doing. Now, on our next module, I'm going to teach you guys how to use trading view and how candlesticks work. So if you're looking at this chart going, what's going on? Don't worry, like I said, on the next module I will be explaining how this works and how you can actually learn yourself to actively understand price action and what candlesticks are doing. But for now, once again, if you come up here, you can see the timeframes. And all you'll be doing here is changing the candlestick data for the timeframes. But for the sake of the exercise, since we're not getting into that yet, let's just stick to the 15 minute. Now, what you will see next is the order book. So once again, left to right, we've covered the chart. Now you're seeing the order book. What's going on inside the order book? Very simple. This is just the live sells and buys in the market. So everything you see happening here, all the red, this is live trading of positions being actively trading. So the quantity of Bitcoin and then the total Bitcoin. These are all the sells actively going on in the market for the spot. What we see here is essentially in the green, these are all the active buys that are currently happening within the market. And that's it. You've got the buyers and the sales, the live order flow, and this is just simply showing you the market live in action. It's really cool. Now, lastly, so we're nearly done. This is how easy this is to use. So many people get confused, but it's actually a very simple system if you're just methodical and you use the left to right philosophy. So now we're on to the final module here, the far right. And all this is allowing you to do is either buy or sell out of your position. So obviously, if you are holding Bitcoin, you'd come here to make a sell. you determine how much of your Bitcoin you actually want to sell via quantity, and then you simply just sell it. Now, since this pairing is Bitcoin USDT, what this means is when you sell, you will be receiving USDT in exchange for your Bitcoin. That's the way you want to think about this, guys. So when you see pairings against USDT, which is all the pairings we'll be using in this course, so you don't have to get confused with crypto to crypto. Everything we're doing in this course and everything we're teaching you how to do is based on accumulating USDT. So obviously selling Bitcoin, you'll be accumulating USDT. Buying Bitcoin, you'll be exchanging USDT. It's that simple. And obviously all you'd be doing once again to buy is determine how much Bitcoin you actually want to buy. Now obviously in my account, I've only got $2 at the moment because this is essentially a setup account, so I can show you guys how to do this. All you'll be doing is deciding the quantity. You simply click buy and that's it. You will have now purchased Bitcoin. So that's how simple it is to be able to come in and actually use this module. So many people come in and can't wrap their head around it. It's actually very, very basic. Now what I'm going to show you guys next is how the derivatives module works. This is obviously a little bit more complex. This is really important to understand how it works as well. And I'm going to show you guys what this is now and how it operates. So if we come up here to derivatives, do not go on any of this stuff here, guys. All we're sticking to is the USDT perpetual because that's what our bots and the automations, the quant algorithmic automations that we're teaching you guys how to do, and the actual Minotaur scripts will all be trading through the USDT market. So don't confuse yourself going through other things, going through other options. If you want to do that, do it at another time. But what you need here is a laser focus to really learn these systems and come in and start making automated profits. So let's click the USDT perpetual module. And what you're actually going to see is something very, very similar to the spot market module. So once again, no reason to be confused. No reason to not understand. Just follow me here. Very simple. Once again, selecting your asset. Let's start left to right. These are all the assets that will trade actively in the derivatives market. So you can easily select one there for the sake of the exercise. Once again, what we'll do is we'll stay on the 30 minute or the 15 minute time frame, sorry, for Bitcoin. And we'll just stick to Bitcoin. Now, once again, what you're seeing here is the chart with the candlestick data, showing you live data feeds of what the actual price is doing. Once again, come over here, we've got the order book. Really easy. Active buyers and sales going in on the derivatives market. Now, what we're going to do now is come across here. Now, this is really important, and I want to explain this to you guys. So when you're using leverage, when you're using leverage positions within the derivatives market, What this means is using your collateral or your equity, essentially, to be put up and then actively taking a loan against for you to be able to trade with a larger position size. So for the sake of this exercise, guys, before you start trading, before you start setting up bots, make sure you always come over here and set your leverage not at 100. So let's just set it at 10. So everyone in this course, I want you to just set your leverage at 10. Now, this doesn't mean you're going to be using 10x leverage. All this means is that the maximum you are setting yourself to use is 10. What we also want to use is not cross, but isolated. So cross leverage, what this means is if you take out a leverage position, it's going to use all the assets in your account, essentially as collateral, for you to take out this loan. We don't want to do that. All we want to do is isolate it to what we're using within the derivatives module. So that's it. Isolated leverage, 10x on long and short. So now we've got that set. Now, essentially, all that's happening here, if you wanted to take a long position, you could either do a mark, market, or a limit order. I'll explain the difference to you now. A market order is essentially you coming in, determining how much quantity of the asset you actually want to purchase, and then taking an immediate buy at the nearest price. So what this means is you're not determining what price you actually want to purchase at. What will happen here, for example, if you were to order one Bitcoin, you'd be looking at $16,860. And then what it would be doing is buying directly at this price. So if you click open long now, you're going to be opening a position essentially based on the idea that the price is going to continue upwards. It's that simple. If you opened a short at this price, you'd be opening a position on the idea that the price is going to fall and then profit off the price falling. Now, you guys aren't actually going to be manually executing any trades. So I don't want you guys playing around with any of these opening trades for no reason. Don't do that. Because once again, the bots are literally going to be doing all of this. And that's the beauty of this. They'll be executing all the trades. But I just think it's really important to understand, one, what the bots are actually doing, how they integrate through the exchange with API, and essentially how this works so that you actually know what the bots are doing. It's no good just having botched trade for you if you don't understand how they actually work and how they actually operate. It's really important. Now, when you're doing a limit order, this is a little bit different, and I'll show you how this works. But this is actually very simple as well. So rather than just buying directly from the market, what you're actually doing is determining what price you want to buy at. Now, limit ordering, in my opinion, is actually better if you're going to be manually trading. But when you're automatically trading, you need positions and essentially the trades to be executed immediately. So we're always going to set our bots to market order in. But limit ordering actually allows you to save on fees a little bit. And it puts you in a position where you can determine what price you want to buy at. So rather than buying directly from the market's price, if you wanted to buy at $15,000, you could put in the order price there. Then you decide how much quantity you actually want to buy at. So if we're just doing one Bitcoin, it would be one Bitcoin at $15,000. Now, once again, this is the same thing. When you open a long, it's going to open a position, assuming that price is going to go up. But this is what you need to realize. When you open the position, it's not going to open it immediately because obviously the price here isn't at $15,000. So what it does is it opens a conditional position, meaning once and if price hits what you said, then your position will be opened. If price never hits that, your position is not going to be open. Your position is just going to be sitting there. And you can easily cancel, close that position at any time. You'll see the position open right here. And you just click an X. And that will basically cancel the position. Once again, the same with a short. If you're going to short the market, so if you're going to try and make a profit on the concept that the market's going to fall, you simply open a short at your order price, at your quantity. There'll be a conditional order waiting until that price target is met. And that's it, guys. It's that simple. That's how a limit order works versus a market order. So just one more time, market order is buying directly from the market at its current price. You're just deciding the quantity of asset you want to buy. A limit order is simply setting the price you want to buy at and the quantity. So that's literally it. People try to make this so complex and they try to, you know, overcomplicate something that doesn't need to be overcomplicated because it is actually very simple and easy to understand. But once again, guys, I'm just showing you this so you actually know what the bots are doing. By no means do I want you guys manually trading for any reason because once again that's the reason we run automations. So it's done for you, it executes faster, trades with no emotion, you're just gonna be so much more incredibly profitable. It's not even funny. And this is the future of trading. I think really manual trading days are kind of done and you know a lot of people are essentially offering out all sorts of different things on learning these manual systems but in my opinion they can't compete with with quant trading anymore. So guys, next I'm gonna simply show you how to manage your assets in Bybit. And from there, that's pretty much it. We'll move on to the next module. All right guys, so now it's time to take a look at the assets section of Bybit and have a look at how you can actually actively view which assets you're holding and also how to deposit cryptos into the Bybit exchange as this is really important. So if we just come over here, we've already covered purchasing crypto, markets, trading spot, derivatives. Let's move into assets. If we just come over here and click the assets tab, it's just going to load. All right guys, so what we're seeing here is an actual assets overview showing that right now my account has a total of $3 in USD and my assets are sitting in the spot exchange. Now obviously guys when we are going to come in and start automating these bots and start trading essentially derivatives what we're going to need to do is transfer from spot into derivatives. Now I'll show you how to do this easily. Just quickly go transfer from spot to derivatives. We're going to select the ticker which is USDT. We're going to go all. Bang. This is just going to immediately swap from our spot into other derivatives. Now you can see it's gone into the derivatives account and that's all you have to do. If you want to trade the spot market, you send assets back. Or what you can do is do a 50-50 split, hold some in spot, hold some in derivatives. But for the sake of this course, we will be trading majority in the derivatives market. So now this is another important thing. If you want to actually send cryptos into Bybit. Just simply have these options here. So, withdrawing will very simply allow you to withdraw out of the account into another crypto wallet. Transfer, like I said already, will allow you to transfer between actual wallets on the account and then deposit will just simply generate you an actual key. Now, I'm not going to show my wallet address for safety reasons, but it's as simple as clicking a knowledge. You'll get your address. All you do then is quite literally copy the address and paste that into any exchange that you're trading into. Just make sure guys, it's very important. Most exchanges actually have safety features in place now. Just make sure that you do have the chain type correct of what you're sending. So for example, if you are sending over the Ethereum network, you need to make sure that the chain type of the token you're selected marries up with where you're sending from. So if you're sending money from Binance, you're going to Web3 wallet, you'll use the ERC20 token. So just keep that in mind guys, it's really important to marry that up. This is literally only for transferring assets into Bybit. If you're planning on buying straight from Bybit, just come over and once again go buy crypto. So if we actually click on spot, what we're going to get here is all your different wallet addresses for transferring in. So obviously if you want to just transfer over USDT, once again, you just deposit and that's it. It's going to show you how to do this. And this will also show you all the actual assets you're holding on the Bybit exchange. Same goes to derivatives. Click derivatives there. If you're holding derivatives assets, it's going to show you here and the dollar amount. You've got individual wallets for each one. It's just a really easy and linear way to essentially come in and keep track of everything you're doing and see everything clearly and transparently. Now the other options we've got USDC derivatives funding. We're not going to be using that, guys. If we eventually do some content on that, we'll tell you. But for now, just stick to spot and derivatives, as that's exactly what we're going to be using. \
\
video4\
hey guys just going to be giving you a quick five minute exchange overview for kraken today just so you guys can have a good idea of how this exchange works and its functionality so when you guys load into kraken what you're going to see is the explore button where you can simply go and buy a cryptocurrency if we click this here it's going to take you to a module here where you are able to purchase cryptocurrency by clicking buy here setting your amount and then adding a payment method whether that be credit card anything like that once you've purchased that currency you can then go ahead and sell it convert it into other cryptocurrencies if you wanted to or you could also withdraw that into another account all sorts of things like that so it's really easy to just come in purchase crypto like so now if we head back to the main landing page what i'll show you guys also is that you can simply come up to here to the my account on the top right hand side then you're going to access this page here now if you guys want to go into the advanced trading module you can come up here into Kraken Pro click this I'll just quickly do this get that out of the way okay now we're going to transfer over to Kraken Pro this is where you guys can actually start looking at proper advanced trading modules what I would do is just go to to the advanced layout and here you can take a look at everything Kraken has to offer whether you actually want to go ahead and trade through these functionalities I wouldn't recommend doing this and of course in the next videos I'll show you guys how to actually go about automating strategy and things like that on Kraken just more or less wanted to show you a general overview of the exchange how you can view prices here obviously you can see Bitcoin USD if you guys want to look at the live price of different assets simply come down this list here take a look at the pairs and what it's trading against of course we can take a look at margin but I'm in Australia so anyone United States unfortunately you will not be able to access margin true Kraken but we can do this through other ways if you guys want to obviously using a VPN to access exchanges like PionX and Biccan, Bybit and things like that we'll teach you guys how to do that throughout our course as well if you guys actually come here to portfolio you're going to see here is your total portfolio in terms of dollars what you're holding in spot what you're holding in margin things like this I'm not really holding any assets right now I've just done a few deposits just to show you guys how the exchange works of course if we come over to history here we can see all deposit and withdrawal history come up here we can make our way back to different modules. If we head back to the Kraken main page, if you guys for example wanted to purchase cryptocurrency from Kraken and then would draw it onto a different exchange like PionX, it'd be very very easy. You'd simply buy here through a credit card or however you want to pay or if you already held assets on the Kraken exchange and you wanted to send that over, you just simply come to withdraw, you would select the asset whether it be USDT, you select the network i always recommend tron because it's basically free and from there you simply provide a wallet address here's my pionex wallet address set the withdrawal amount then you guys can withdraw that will send funds straight over to the exchange you want to trade on and then you guys can just if you want to simply use kraken as a gateway for purchasing cryptocurrency and then withdrawing into your american bank account so obviously you can withdraw us dollars from kraken into your own bank account as well and then you can use this as a gateway to sending out to exchanges to trade on then you simply send back from that exchange back over to kraken and from there you guys can withdraw dollars and that's basically the main functionalities i wanted to show you guys today of kraken we'll keep it really simple no need to over complicate things the course has enough material as it is don't want to overwhelm you guys so hopefully this has been really clear and informative explanation of how Kraken works, how you can use it either to trade on, to buy and sell, or simply use it as a gateway to withdraw funds directly from Kraken into your bank account. Thanks for the time today, guys, and hope you're enjoying the content throughout the program. Thank you. \
\
video5\
\
Morning, everyone. Today, we're going to be looking at a simple exchange overview for BitGet. In the next video, I'll do a brief overview and then I'll teach everyone how to do API connections. So as we can see, I'm on the BitGet homepage here. First thing to be aware of is if you're going to be using BitGet and you're based out of the United States, you are going to need a Palau ID. So either consult our team on how to organize that, or we also have some videos in our course modules on how to acquire one. Now, just like any other exchange, it's very simple. We've got a buy crypto section up here, which will allow you to do either crypto-based buys or use debit cards and bank deposits. Be aware, though, that if you are based in America, you won't be able to use these options. So you'll need to transfer crypto in from either Coinbase, Crackon or one of your US-based exchanges, which can be easily done by simply coming up to the wallet section up here and then clicking deposit. If we come to the trade function, this will show a simple spot and margin trading. And of course, the futures section will allow us to trade futures. Now, when you're setting up your account to trade in BitGet, there's a few things you need to be aware of. So let's first go into futures and click on Bitcoin, USDT. Okay. And the first thing you want to do is come to the top right corner and click the preferences section. And the reason we click this is that we want to come down here for margin mode. And we want to select multi-assets mode. Now, this is not for everyone, but for anyone that wants to use their Bitcoin as collateral, you will need to have multi-asset mode selected for you to be able to do this. If you are going to use USDT, which for most clients, to be honest, I recommend, you can leave it in single asset mode. But this will allow you to use your Bitcoin and your USDT. So simply click on multi assets mode. After that, as you can see, we've got position mode. And by default, it is in hedge mode. So in the next API connection video, when I teach you, we'll be using hedge mode and I'll show you how to do that. Apart from that, another important thing you want to be aware of is the leverage. It does default to 10x leverage, but by no means do you necessarily need that much. As we do your setup and we teach you the liquidation calculator, you'll get a better understanding of how much leverage to use. So do be aware that it defaults to 10. Apart from that, we have copy trading up here, which I don't recommend, and trading info, which can give you more information about futures trading. I do highly recommend this. If you're new to futures trading and you want to understand it better, there's a section here that will teach you everything. But apart from that, as you can see, BitGets essentially like every other exchange out there, just re-skinned. If you do want to withdraw assets and you're based in Europe or Australia, you can do direct withdrawals into your bank account. If you are based out of America, you will need to withdraw assets back to either Kraken or Coinbase or Gemini, whatever exchange you use, and then withdraw from your exchange to your bank account. So think of BitGet as a platform for you to trade if you're based out of the United States, but you will not use it to do direct withdrawals into your bank account. You will use it to trade with, earn, and then withdraw back to your spot-based accounts. Apart from that, in the next video, we'll go over how to do an API connection into Wondertrading and three commas using BitGet. Thanks for your time, everyone. \
\
video6\
All right guys, let's dive into it. What we're going to be looking at today is trading view, understanding in detail how to use all the functions that we need. And essentially, I'm going to be running through all relevant information that you're going to need to learn and understand to be able to come on here and automate your bots. Now, this isn't going to be a guide that shows you how to use trading view from top to bottom because essentially once again similar to buy a bit a lot of things in this course we're not going to teach you things that are unnecessary we're going to teach you exactly what it is that you need to know and then if you want to come in and learn more later that's always an option too so this is important now just to figure out the basics don't be overwhelmed by anything don't feel like there's too much going on on the screen i'm going to once again explain everything with a left to right philosophy like i So what TradingView is, in essence, is simply a WebSocket software all run through your web browser that essentially allows you to come in and track the financial markets through varying ways of different data. Essentially, the main things that traders will use is candlestick data, and that's what we're going to be running through today. And I'll show you exactly how that works in detail. So sit down, guys, buckle up, and let's get into it. So once you've created your TradingView account, what I've done is just made a fresh screen here. I've reset everything and I'm going to run you through exactly how I like to set my charts up and how I run them. Whether you guys want to make changes, that's totally up to you, that's fine. But I'll show you exactly what I do and how I like to use my charts. And I do believe it's a clean and easy to understand and linear way to do this. So the thing about TradingView, when you come to the main screen here, what you're going to get is a market summary. And once again, we just work left to right. So what they've got is the products, which is the chart. They've got community, all the markets, news, brokers, and more. So we won't focus too much on that. We'll do one thing at a time. So what you're going to get first on TradingView is a bar on the right-hand pane. And this is how essentially you shuffle through all the functions. And this is how I like to use TradingView. So if you click on any of these functions here, you're going to get the window pop out. I'll run through them now. Watchlist and details. This is essentially where you come in and start to put in actual currencies that you want to track. Alerts. This is very, very important. This is how you set up alerts that actually send signals from your trading view chart into Wonderbit, which is the third-party software we use to essentially run all our automations. And then down here, you can move across. What you get is volume. You can have a lock here, and you can see a calendar, ideas, so on and so forth. none of that is too important the main two things we're going to be learning and the functions i'm going to be teaching you guys is essentially the watch list and the alerts that's all that matters for now so let's get into it when you pull up your watch list here what you can do is you can click the plus sign you can also rename the actual watch list itself now since we predominantly trade for a buy bit you can just create a buy bit watch list and what we're going to do is we're going to add a bunch of different cryptocurrencies that actively trade on Bybit and Bybit only. Now once again, if you guys are using different exchanges and you want to use different exchanges, that's fine. It's just important to note here, if you are going to use a different exchange like Binance, something like that, when you are adding currencies, the first thing you want to do when you click plus is come here and find your exchange. So if you go select source, what you're actually doing here is finding the specific exchange that you want to load in tokens from so any exchange you want to use once again are all here but once again i highly recommend by bit so much better than binance a lot of these other exchanges like i said if you guys want to save money on this on the fees on the spread you want to maximize your profits use by bit i can't stress that enough so once we've got our source selected now it's time to find crypto if we come over here and just click the crypto button we're going to get all the available tickers here and since once again we are obviously trading the futures market what we want to be looking for is the perpetual contracts so let's go ahead and load in 10 or 11 tickers this is essentially what we're going to be trading on and we'll just start loading them in so click bitcoin ethereum solana xrp bnb we'll go dogecoin Litecoin, that's fine for now. So you can load in as many as you need but what you guys have to understand is as well that specific strategies we've developed are for specific tokens. Now when we get into the video showing you guys how the strategies work and how to automate, obviously we'll run you through all of that for now for the sake of the exercise. What I'm just showing you guys is exactly how to load these and then how to get the charts going. So let's start off with Bitcoin. So we're just going to click on Bitcoin here, it's going to load this up and let's begin. We're going and now we're going to get our first ever graph loaded. That shows you a price chart. Now, don't be overwhelmed by this. I know there's a lot going on. If you actually want to make your screen a little bit more clean, just simply minimize this. So once again, when you're using TradingView, you can just open up the side panel and minimize. Open up, minimize. It's very easy to use. So let's start left to right. The most important thing first of all is to load in the timeframes that you are actually going to be actively traded with. So since what you guys need to understand is every bot we use operates based up a different timeframe. Think about the timeframes essentially just as candlestick data that's live feeding from the market to you. So what candlestick data is in essence is just price action going on in the market. What is price action? Price action is just the active buys and sells that are going on every day in the market. So the first thing you'll do is just come up here. Now what you'll see, you might have a little bit different to me because I've loaded some times in already. But to make this easy, actually I'll unfavorite everything and we'll start from scratch. So you guys will have exactly what I have. Alright. And come up here. Unfavorite the three minute. And that's it. What you guys will probably have is the daily. So I'll put this on. Okay. Just go like this. That's it. So what you guys want to do, I'm going to tell you the exact timeframes you're going to want to favorite. So when you click this drop-down box, have the daily, that's fine. You want to favorite the three-minute chart because our scalping setup uses that. What you want to favorite is the one hour, the four-hour, and the 30-minute. And that's it. So now what we've got is the 30-minute, one-hour, four-hour, daily, and the three-minute. Now, if you want to flip between these timeframes, you very quickly just go through. And now you're getting candlestick data live fed from the markets based on different timeframes. Now, all this means is how often the candlesticks are actually actively feeding the data. Now, in terms of candlesticks, a lot of people will try and really overcomplicate this and make it hard to understand. It's actually very, very easy. I'm going to explain to you how to read candlesticks now in one minute, and you guys will understand this very simply and very easily. So I'm going to zoom in. So all candlestick data is, once again, is live price action from the market of people buying and selling specific assets. And it's this simple. All green candlesticks are buys. All red candlesticks are sells. And if you've spent, you know, we'll get a lot of traders in this course who already understand to do this. But once again, this is about teaching people who don't know. and also sharpening people who do know and sharpening their skill set and that's the kind of mindset you need to have coming into something like this you might as well completely throw out your ego just understand you're always a student of the game you always have lots to learn i mean i've been in the market for 12 years and i'm learning things every day i'll never feel like i've figured out too much because i always know i'm still really in my infancy and you know even someone who's been in the market for 30 years will tell you the real market players understand that We're all students of the game. So that's the kind of philosophy you guys want to be applying here. So green candlesticks are buys, red candlesticks are sells. It's really that simple. So the way it's working is, I'll explain to you now how the candlesticks actually work. So what this wick is, so if you have a look here at the body of the candlestick, what we call the body is the main thick colour. So what this means is on a green candlestick, The start of the body at the bottom is essentially where price opened. So if you're looking at Bitcoin here, we're looking quite far back here, but this candlestick opened at $37,767. You can see that on the far right hand of the screen over here if you look in the black. So the candlestick opened at $37,000 and the candlestick closed at $39,635. So since we're using a daily chart, all this means is that this is candlestick data for one day. So at the start of the day, we opened at $37,000. At the end of the day, within 24 hours, the candlestick closed at $39,000. So you had $2,000 of price movement. Now, you see these little wicks, that's what we call them, the things that are sticking out. All this means is the lowest the price got on the day and the highest the price got on the day. So what it actually shows you is the price action movement for that candlestick. This is actually not where price opened and it's not where price closed. So when price opened, it would have gone down a little bit to a maximum of 37. Then when essentially price traded at its highest for the day, it was at 39.880. But where it closed after 24 hours was 39.697. Where it opened, the day was there. And it's very simple. That's it. And when you're looking at red candles, it's the exact opposite. So we'll use this as an example. With red candles, the open is at the tip of the candle and the close is at the bottom. So this candle here actually barely has any wicks. So what it means is it actually just traded in this range. So on this candle, the day started at $45,425. The day ended at $43,158. So all this means is for this 24-hour period, the price was selling continuously. And that's it. Now, this is frame data from a 24-hour period. If you come down to a 4-hour, it's the exact same concept, guys. But now the candles are based on 4-hour timeframes. each candle represents four hours so what you get on daily candles is 24 hours per candle what you get on candlestick data from four hours is each candle is 4 8 12 16 20 24 so that there is a full day of trading you come down to the one hour very simple now each candlestick is representing one hour of price action come down to the 30 minute each candlestick is representing 30 minutes you You come to the three minute. This is where people scout and take advantage of price action in the market on really small time frames. Each candlestick is only representing three minutes in the market. That's how easy it is to come in and understand how candlesticks work. This doesn't need to be complicated. It's actually very simple. So what I'm going to do next, guys, is essentially continue running me through. I'll show you all the functions and we'll keep going. That's basically candlesticks in a nutshell. you \
\
video7\
hey everyone just an important update regarding alerts on trading view so this is really important guys so pay attention if you guys aren't on a premium plan on trading view you actually don't need to be on premium um for any reason bar open-ended alerts so what open-ended ended alerts actually mean is that on trading view your alerts will stay permanently open rather than you having to manually adjust them so if you guys are on trading view premium and you need to set open ended alerts when you guys are creating the alert all you have to do very simply when you're making the alert i'll just pull this page up here see how here on expiration it says open ended alert you can select this option on premium if you're not on premium what you guys to know is that once a month you will have to shift your alert forward since trading view only actually allows you to have an alert active for one month if you're not on premium so this is something you'll need to keep an eye on when you're getting close to the alerts expiry date just simply shift as far forward as you can set the alert as far as trading view will let you and then set it and what will happen is if you're not on premium every month you'll have to check this about once a month So if you guys are doing essentially month-to-month on Wondertrade, my recommendation is to just get yourself in a routine once a month, renew your Wondertrade account, and then renew the alert. So set it forward as far as possible. Hope this helps, guys, and thanks for your time. \
\
video8\
Hey everyone, Sebastian here from Minotaur Trading Systems. So let's go ahead and do an API plus automation integration from Coinbase over to Wondertrader. So this is going to be very, very simple and what I want to make sure you have open, ready to go is your Coinbase account on the homepage and your wonder trading. So to get started with wonder trading just come over to the top left click my exchanges. What we're going to do now is click add exchange. Simply going to find spot and we're going to find Coinbase. Okay and leave this as is. Now let's head over to the Coinbase. If we come over and click our initial top right click settings from here what we're going to be able to do is click the API pane top right okay like so okay what we're gonna do now is create a new API so we're gonna use the recommended create API key with Coinbase developer platform. I'm going to allow this to load. We're going to name this API Coinbase. Now for the API restrictions, whitelist, we're going to copy this IP address here from Wondertrade, simply paste it in. now we're going to go down make sure we click trade okay execute trades on your behalf make sure you do not click transfer even though nothing can go wrong this is just an additional safety mechanism and now we're just going to click create and download i'm going to have to do two factor authentication here guys so make sure you've done that what i'll do is pause the video here I'll do the two-factor and I'll continue when I'm done. Okay so once you've done your two-factor authentication you're going to get given an API key and a secret. All we need to do now is copy the API head back over to my exchanges we're going to paste the API key in there like so I'm going to copy the secret. By the way this account will be deleted directly after this so that's why I'm visibly showing my api key in secret don't ever show that to anyone for any reason okay and we're going to make the account name coinbase okay now we're going to click connect an exchange there we go your exchange has been connected successfully i'm not going to save this what we're going to see now is the coinbase exchange appear but it's not going to say active until i'm holding assets okay So since there's nothing in my account, if yours says no assets, the connection has worked and it will stay actively working. But once you load some cryptocurrency into your account, from there, you're going to get a full overview of all the assets you're holding. Now we can come over to Coinbase, click I've saved my key. And that's it. Congratulations. We've just finished our first integration into Coinbase. Pretty straightforward. And thanks for your time, everyone. Always reach out to support if you need help. We're here to help you anytime, any day of the week. Good luck, Trev. \
\
video9\
All right, everybody, let's set up a derivatives exchange connection for Bybit. So just make sure you've got your Bybit open, you've got Wondertrading open, and let's get into it. On the left hand side, what you're going to see is my exchanges on Wondertrade, and we're just going to simply click Add New here, and we're going to begin our integration. So for the exchange, just make sure you select Bybit swap USDTM. And then we're just going to name this Bybit USDTM, like so. Now we'll head over to Bybit, guys. Just to get to this section, just hover over your little profile picture here and then click API. It's going to take you here and we're just going to click Create New Key. We're going to be clicking System Generated API Keys. and just letting this load. Okay, so first thing we're going to click is connect to third-party applications. Then the application name is going to be Wonderbit down here like so. And then this is going to be read write for API permissions. And we're going to do orders, positions, derivatives trading, unified trading, trade, block trade. The only thing we're not going to select is account transfer and sub account transfer. Once that's done, click submit. And now you guys will have to do some security checks. So what I'll do is for my own security, I'll fill in my security checks now. And when we come back, we'll finalize the connection. All right, everybody. Now you've got your API key, your API secret ready to go. So what we're going to do is just copy the key here, come back over to Wonder Trade and paste the key into the API. Then the secret is going to be pasted into the secret. Now, for the sake of this video, just so everyone knows, this will be deleted immediately. So you won't be able to access these. When you guys are doing this, make sure no one can see your key and no one can see your secret and make sure you're writing them both down physically as well that's really important after this we're going to click understood and now we'll simply be coming here and going add sorry guys there can't be spaces or anything like that when you're doing this so we'll just go like so now we'll go add this should work okay and now what you guys will see is we have a bybit swap usdt m account active all we need to do is make sure we have funds now in our swap or swap account so i'll teach you guys how to do this now quickly because i have about two dollars of usdt sitting in my spot account so what you're going to do is just simply come to assets and go to assets overview this is how you can easily transfer between accounts because what you guys can see his spot derivatives USDC derivatives so all you do is come here right click the transfer button and what you're going to be doing is transferring from spot so you can just click this middle button here to switch them around from spot to derivatives all confirm that succeeded now if you come back over to wonder trading and you go over by bit swap and you click refresh here give it a second there you go it's active so you just need to be having funds in your swap or or your spot account to be actively trading. And that's it guys. And now you can set up algorithms, set up positions with derivatives on Bybit. Thanks for your time guys. \
\
video10\
All right guys, just doing a short video on how to prepare your chart for an algorithmic bot setup depending on what exchange you're using. So before I get into the videos on how to set up the algos, I want to be clear, all the algo tutorial videos I'll be doing will be setting up on KuCoin but I want to show you guys how the setup is actually identical you just need to make sure you're changing a few options over for when you're creating bots on either Bybit, Binance or KuCoin. So first steps right let's just say you guys are theoretically on the Binance exchange what you would do first come to your list view click the drop down button here you'd go create new list and I'll just type in here "Binance test" you go save what you're going to get now is a new list right so this is a fresh list where you can load assets in what we're going to do now is click the plus button and what we're going to see here is two drop-down lists you're going to see all sources and all types all sources is simply just selecting the exchange which you're going to be using so if I was to be using Binance I'd pick Binance for types it's It's going to be spot. So whether you're using Bybit, Binance or KuCoin, you're always going to be selecting the respective exchange and then spot. What you would do then is simply load in the assets from that exchange that you want to apply to our algorithms. So if we were to be trading on KuCoin, for example, before I do that, actually, it's important as well, once you've got the selected asset you want to use, make sure you've got it highlighted, guys. That is important before applying your algorithms to the chart. Next, let's go ahead and make a list for KuCoin. So what we can do, hit the drop-down list here, go create new list, we can go KuCoin test, save, right? Now hit the plus sign, all sources, KuCoin, all types, spot. Same deal. So whatever exchange you're using, it is imperative that you are loading up the correct chart that reflects the exchange's liquidity, price action, and volume data. So we could just load in Bitcoin, Ethereum, NAVAX, and now you've got contracts for KuCoin. And what you'll notice when you guys are changing over, you'll see up here, this is another way to always check that you've got the right chart loaded. Make sure it says the respective exchange's name. So if we were to go back to Binance, the Binance test and change to Bitcoin, what you're going to see now, Bitcoin, Tether, Binance. Now let's do the same thing for Bybit, if you guys are going to be using Bybit. We'll go create new list, Bybit test, okay, plus sign, come back over here, all sources, scroll down till we find Bybit, until we find spot. Same deal once again. Bitcoin, Ethereum. When we change over, right now we're on the Binance chart. Now we're on Bybit. That's simple, guys. So on the next steps, I'm going to be teaching you guys how to start building out these bots and just be aware I'll be using KuCoin. But if you guys are using Binance and Bybit, all you need to do is just make sure you've got the correct chart data reflected. Also something else that is really important, which I'll show you guys in the next video, is just making sure you've got a few settings configured here in Wondertrade as well. So guys, thanks for your time. Next up, I'm going to be showing you how to set up the bots, how to set up the algorithms. Let's get into it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. \
\
video11\
all right everyone today we're going to be doing an exchange overview for big get and i'm also going to be teaching how to do api connections into both wonder trading and three commas so big get is a great exchange for anyone that has access to a Palau ID or has the ability to connect into BitGet. Currently, if you live in the United States, you will need a Palau ID to connect through to BitGet. So be aware of that. But once you have that and you're connected, point of today's video is to do an exchange overview to show you it's essentially similar to all other exchanges. A lot of exchanges share the same open source code and they simply reskin them with different designs. So a brand new BitGet account here that's been verified and I also have three commons open and I also have wonder trading so first thing we want to do for BitGet to do a simple API connection as we can see up here we have access to all the regular exchange features such as trading futures such as trading spot such as buying crypto markets all essentially the same so So if we come up to our user icon at the top right and then go ahead and click API keys, as we can see, I've already built a wonder trading API key here. So I won't bother deleting it because it's going to ask me to do some security verification. But what we want to do to make a new API connection into BrieCommerce, which is what we'll start with, is just to click create API key. And then we want to click system generated API key. Now, the note is essentially going to be the name. So we can just call this wonder. And the passphrase is also going to be something that you will need to enter in on free commas and wonder trading to secure the API connection. So I'm just going to call this wonder also. Then we're going to make sure we have the read write permission selected and we're going to slowly go through and give. Okay, we'll make this wonder trading as it requires eight characters. So just remember to keep a note of this passphrase when you type this in, because you will need this to connect your API. Now what we wanna make sure is everything's clicked except for transfer and withdraw. Okay, and what you're gonna notice now is there is an IP address box. So if we go over to three commas first, and we on three commas go to my portfolio, as we can see, there's a Bybit connection. Let's click connect new account. and then go exchanges and then go BitGet. As we can see, there's an IP address here. If we copy this, come back to BitGet and paste it in, we can go ahead and click the next button. And now there's going to be some verifications to come through. Everyone bear with me for one second while I get these verification codes. Okay. So it will be an email code that you receive. And then it will also be your Google auth code. Once that's done, we now have an API key and a secret key. So if we can click the copy button first for the API key, come back to three comments, paste that in here. And we're going to grab the secret key. And the passphrase is going to be the password that we entered earlier, which was wonder trading. Right? We can call this, if we click connect now, there we go. So that's a simple API connection straight into three commas on BitGet. Now let's go ahead and do the same process. As you can see, I don't have any funds in my BitGet right now, so it will not work until you have funds in there. So let's now go back and head over to click confirm on this. That's done. And now we're going to create a new API key, system generated. This time it's going to be called Wanda. And excuse me, guys, we actually, it's got three commas. Moving forward, you want to use the three commas name. You can always edit this. So let's just call this three commas. Okay. Cool. Not essential, but it's good to keep everything uniform. So now we're actually doing a wonder trading connection. Excuse me. We'll call this one to two. We'll make the passphrase. Same. Now remember, if you're connecting into three commas, you can make this passphrase whatever you want. we're now going to click here and just make sure we have transfer and withdraw ticked off and we're going to need an ip address so if we come to wonder trading now and we go to my exchanges and then we click the add exchange button and then we click big get we can copy this ip address like this and click next now we're going to have to go through the same process we did before it's an identical process so let's go ahead and get the key again this should come through any moment here it is this we can click confirm and now we've got our API key Now that we've got our API key, done processes previously, we can click copy, paste in the API, we can also click secret key and paste that in another password will be what we made it and the account name can be bit get and then we're going to want to make sure it's on a hedge and cross mode and we can click connect exchange that will show us how to connect bit get into wonder trading so this has been a simple api connection and BitGet exchange overview video. What I'll do next is teach you how to set up algorithms through wonder trading and three commas for BitGet. It's identical. And we'll go through that on the next video. Thanks. \
\
video12\
hey everyone just doing a really short video regarding wonder trading subscription settings as this is quite important so when you guys are active and open on wonder trade just come up to your main profile here and what you guys can do or to even make it easier come down here and just click subscriptions on the left hand pane. So with Wonder Trading you've got two options for a subscription right. You've either got 12 months for annual where you get a huge discount. This is what I highly recommend or you can go monthly. The reason we're making this video if you guys are going month to month you need to keep track of how many days left you have in your plan. So right now this account one of the accounts I'm using has 18 days left and I'm doing a month to month. What renew it before this ends. It will cancel and your bots will stop running. So you guys need to be really aware of this. If you are going month to month, just check your Wonder Trade account every now and then. When you've got one to two days left, come down here, select what you would like to do. I always recommend pro as to run our bots to the maximum capacity and maximum potential you'll need pro. And just simply click renew. If you want to make it fully automated, no interference whatsoever just sign up for the 12 month plan you'll pay 270 us in total it's a really good deal so guys that's it thanks for your time today and uh thanks for the video \
\
video13\
So I wanted to do a video on the Power Law and how it's going to help us guide our strategy, especially when it comes to the accumulator, which is using DCA-ing into its positions that are both mechanical and technical, which is quite advanced, which is what sets our algorithms apart. But we want to understand what we're doing to protect ourselves at all times. So the Power Law is basically a model that we believe is the best one for Bitcoin as it covers it historically and also gives us a roadmap for what it could be doing potentially in the future. Now as you can see there's quite big ranges you know we're currently sitting at around 58,000 as of August 2024 so it kind of right in the center so it's a really good example to be using right now so kind of in the middle of a cycle halfway from the middle bottom halfway from the top. Now as you can see here the tops come you know we've got breakthrough the tops during the top of these bull cycles. What we do have here on the purple line is quite a hard bottom. Now, the reason the bottom is quite hard is for a few reasons. Basically, it's to do with the actual physics of Bitcoin itself. At a certain point, if Bitcoin isn't profitable for the miners, well, basically, the system would fail. So, it's always at a point where it's profitable, and that price will be maintained by the physics of it itself. And again, I'm going to post you some videos below for some YouTube channels you can watch to learn about this. But just for our sake, we're going to be using it to give us a very defined bottom where we can set our liquidation levels to make sure that if we're going to be defending a position, we're going to be defending it from the lowest point, which really wants to be around here. You can use the white line, that one there. That is the power law, basically the curve that it should be followed. As you can see, it deviates from that either to the upside or to the downside. But the purple one is the hard bottom. This is probably the best one to be using because you can see it is really a hard floor. as you can see there. But what's exciting about this model is it's basically showing us that Bitcoin is predictable and it is going to be repeating itself over time. Obviously, these curves, the size of them are going to get smaller and smaller over time, but it is going to give us an idea of where the price is going. As you can see here, currently we're at 50k by around December 2025, there is a projected peak. If we get up to this level again, we could be below the white line, we could be above it. So there is a projection of 193,000, which is basically three times where we are now, which is fantastic upside. But again, we still want to use these bottom levels because we want to be always planning for worst case scenarios. That way, we don't lose everything we have. That's the most important thing, capital preservation. So we need to be smart. We need to be conservative. And even though we've got these gigantic ranges, the power law is something that's going to help us, guide us at any moment in order to tell us where we are and what we need to be protecting. Again, from the analysis we've been doing, a 1% to 1.5% position size is going to be a best fit to be sitting around these levels. Anything above that is going to be adding additional risk. So there's going to be adding additional risk management strategies. We like to say anything from 1% to 2%, 2.5% is probably the best. But if you want to sleep well at night, 1.5% position size from the initial base order is going to give you the most protection. I explain that in the next video a little bit more specifically. But as you can see here, this is the power law. This is what we use as our model to help set our safety. If you've got any questions about it, please ask in the community. Thank you. \
\
video14\
Okay, so I want to give you a demo of the Minotaur accumulator to show you exactly how it works and why this is such a powerful trading strategy. Now, we're going to be running this on Bitcoin mostly. This can work on altcoins, but the data that we have and the science behind our selections is really, really proven and we can get amazing results just trading BTC. If you do get into the old coin territory, you will need to know the historical trading behind that coin. So you can obviously set your parameters to fit that. But we're just going to cover exactly how this script works technically and why it's so powerful on Bitcoin. But let's just have a look here. So it works by using a combination of base orders and what's called safety orders. Basically, a base order is going to be the initial order that we make. And if that becomes profitable, At the moment, we have a take profit of 1.5%. Again, this can be adjusted as required. But if it goes against us, we then make safety orders that can increase with a deviated multiple over time. I'm going to show you what that means in practice. So basically, we have a look here. We make a trade. The market's bouncing around. It goes up. It hits our take profit line, which is that green one. And we take an exit there. We take profit. Basically, again, the signal makes for a trade there. We open the trade there. And as you can see, it takes a profit there. Now, here's a case where the market goes the opposite direction. Obviously, there's going to be a deviation here based on our settings of around 1.5%, could be 1%. But what we're doing is the market goes against us. We're placing another order. As you can see here, the weighted average price is this yellow line. We want to bring that down as far as possible. And what we do that by increasing the volume of the descending orders in order to bring down our average price in order to make our take profit lower. So as you can see, we bought in here at around 66,000. We're actually able to get out at a profit at around 65,000 here. And we're doing that by adding more orders that add to the position. And these orders grow larger as the price falls. As you can see, our technicals, our script has superb entries there. We're picking up right at the bottoms here. We're adding to our position. By doing this also, we're increasing the total size of the trade, which means we're able to get out at a much lower price point. So that's really good there. Basically, when the market goes down, we're actually making more money. It's just taking a little bit longer. As you can see here, it's going from 22 days or 23 days to around 25. But obviously, the profits are going to be much larger because we're still collecting 1.5%. It's just going to be 1.5% of a bigger total investment. But as you can see here, it plays out pretty amazingly. There's a good example here of another price drop. We bought in at $64,000. We're selling out here at $62,000 at a profit. You can see, very, very powerful. This is making money whether the markets are up, down, or sideways. Obviously, when the markets are up, it's very easy for us to take profit. We simply make some trades, take profits, and continue. But if it goes against us, and here's the dramatic example I found, this is exactly what happens. So, look, the market's looking good. We're seeing rising here. As you can see, this green trend as well. So we decide to enter 11th of April, 70,000. Now what is about to happen here is a couple of flash crashes. This happened in April of 2024. And you can see how we handled this, how we actually capitalized on it. I'm going to bring up these dates as well for you. You're going to see how much money was made during this period. So we enter the trade here at 70,000 is the price of Bitcoin. Market starts to move against us. We enter into the first safety order. And then the market starts crashing down here. So what we're doing is we're entering there, we're entering there, we're entering there. These are all the deviations that we've selected. A minimum deviation of 1.5% is what I've got these settings to. But actually, we're picking up the best. So it might be larger than that, as you can see here. We're picking up a far bigger range, which is great because we're dragging down this weighted average price, as you can see here. So from a $70,000 buy-in, we want to get out of these trades and we want to make money. and we actually collected profit at a price of $66,000 on all these trades. So let's just have a look at the gains there from the 15th of April 11th. So if we went like this and brought up, let's say the 15th of April to... It's around the 15th of April on the 11th. Yeah. All right, let's just see what happened. So that's exactly what happened. You can see the drawdown here. And then you can see the total profit there of 2.8%. Like we said, we collected a little bit more than the 1.5, but we're just getting out. So we're making money just from that downturn, right? So 28% profitable. So yeah, that's because a lot of these trades actually lost, but the ones that made us the money were the final ones. As you can see here, 5%, 2%. These ones here were losers like this one here, but it was the smallest contract by far. So this one here more than made up for it and let us take profit. But I don't know, this looks a little bit underwhelming, right? But this was only a space of a few days with a huge crash. So let's compare it to the whole month. The whole month of April, we'll generate a report. Let's just have a look at exactly what happened. 19% gain compared to a 14% loss. Pretty damn amazing. We're able to make 19% from the market descending around 14%. This is the best way to trade. I can show you how it works statistically using our DCA calculator. Basically, these are the settings that I had. It would basically allow us to descend into the position, deviating at 1.5%, increasing that by 1.2%, so around 20% increase every time. We're able to cover a drop of over 38% in one single trade, which just historically doesn't happen with Bitcoin. It's usually a 12.5% drop maximum before a rally. All we need is a rally between 70,000 and 42,000 of 3% and we're taking profits. This is why this strategy is so powerful, why it's so set and forget. And this is the most powerful strategy that you can run with Minotaur. Please use the button below to book a call with support to get this set up for you. You will need help to set up this algorithm. This is the version three of the accumulator or version three and onwards of the accumulator. So if you've got any questions, please have them for support. But this is a fantastic strategy. Again, this is a Swiss army knife. It's completely customizable. We want to make changes. If we want to deviate their price even more, you can see it's as simple as that, making just a few little changes. As you can see, we can get even more coverage just by adding a little bit there and cover a 63% price drop. This is how we'd run this on Ethereum or other altcoins as well. Plus also very good to use with leverage to keep your capital efficient. This is trading on the spot market with range and base orders. If we were to use leverage, we could increase that to a 10x leverage. and the required capital to run from 34,000 with those base orders brings it right down to only 3,400. So if you can get a Palau ID set up and you can run these on derivatives accounts, that would be great because this is going to be just much more powerful. Anyway, if you've got any questions, please book a call with support. So I just want to make it a little bit clearer as well how exactly this is working. So we have orders of the base order, which is the first order, And then we have the safety order. We call that the SO. And we've got usually up to around 10 of these safety orders. So our base order is where we're going to be basically entering the market. Let's say here. The market goes up. We hit a take profit. Order is closed. And this could happen multiple times. Just like this. Bang. This is what's going to happen in a sideways market. We're just going to be collecting on the base order. Now what happens if the market goes against us? Obviously what's going on here is we're having a 100% win rate. Every single time this trade takes a profit, it's winning at 100%. So let's say we place a trade and the market goes like this, goes against us. Well, we bought at this price point, so we're up here at these levels. We need to drag down that average price. So what we do is we place our first safety order, comes in around here. Now we usually have a deviation between 1% and 2%, somewhere around 1.5% is usually good. But the technical indicators will pick the best entering position with a minimum of that. So it could even be a 3 or 4% deviation, but it's going to be a minimum of 1 to 2%, whatever we select. But anyway, the first safety order is made. And let's just say that it drops further. There's another safety order made. So we're going to call this safety order 1. We're going to call this safety order 2. And what's going on here is our average price is going to get pulled down like this, pulled down like this. and our take profit is going to be here. So then if the market then goes like this and ticks back up, bang, we're going to close the trade there. Perfect. This is why this is so powerful. We can do up to 10 of these. But the thing is, these orders are also increasing in percentage by around 20% each time. So what that means is that we can get a coverage of really whatever we want. We're in full control. But what we like to see is, especially trading with Bitcoin, is a coverage of a minimum of 12.5%. Because historically, at a 12.5% drop, we usually see around a 3% rally or more. Our take profits are set at around 1.5%. So this is why we're selecting this number here. Because it's going to make it much easier for if the price drops to get out. But we're going to be setting you up on much larger coverage. We're going to be setting you up potentially on a 38% to make this so safe. And this is why this strategy is going to be able to make you money when the markets go up, down or sideways or whatever happens. Because we're basically going to be collecting profits like this during a sideways market. Obviously, an upwards market, this would be really an upwards market, a sideways market would have had a couple of safety orders there. But when we've got a flash crash or a descending market, we're able to basically make our orders, follow it down, do these little safety orders like this. Safety orders, bring down our average price like this, and then we're able to get out at the lower price when the price rallies. So this is a scientifically proven strategy. This is a combination of DCA trading, incorporating safety orders, and also taking advantage of our superior technicals in the algorithm itself, which is placing absolutely perfect entry and exit points and buy points. If you watch the strategy on the chart, you'll see how absolutely amazing it is. So again, this strategy is fantastic. Please focus on using this on Bitcoin as it is the most predictable. It is a trillion dollar asset, and we're able to really be specific and scientifically prove these numbers. Moving into old coin territory, you are going to have larger swings, larger deviations, and the possibility of the price not rising back to where you need it to be. We truly believe that at this point, with the deviations that we're selecting, this is going to be profitable pretty much under any single market conditions. This will be able to handle it, making you money when the market goes up, down, or sideways. . \
\
video15\
Hi, I wanted to do an introductory video just about position sizing and how we're going about choosing the position sizing that we're using to run the accumulator script. So firstly, I want to just show you a chart here. And this is basically a chart that we're using to help us basically find and use a scientific model to give us a bottom and also to give us an indication of price where we're heading. This is a bit of a roadmap. It's called the Power Law. And we're going to give you links below if you'd like to join and get access to these indicators. They're not ours. They're from a third party that provide us with this. You can find them in the channels provided below. But I just want to give you an idea of exactly what I'm thinking. So right now, the price today is around $58,000. We can see here that there's a hard bottom when we're trading Bitcoin. And it's currently at around $25,000, $26,000. Now, what this means is that it's very rare that it breaks this hard bottom. As you can see, it did here in 2020. And it touched it in 2022 and before that in 2015. So, just over there, 2016. So, this is a really good hard bottom and it's basically part of the system itself. Bitcoin being a system that relies on mining to be essentially sustain it, means that there is a bottom that is defined by the physics of Bitcoin itself. Now, we're able to use this as a way to basically set our liquidation levels when we're using leverage in order to protect us as much as possible. Obviously, it's not foolproof. We could always break below this line if this model breaks or for a temporary period of time. This is why we also need reserves as well. But it does put us in a good position that if we were to break that, we want to be protecting a position around this level. We don't want to be protecting a position around this level because then we've got all this space here to cover and that can basically eat all your funds. And this is what can happen when you make things too aggressive. So I just wanna give you a real life example. We're at 58,000, we're gonna come to our calculator here and I'm gonna put in a custom price at 58,000. We're gonna use a $100,000 wallet as an example. So with a 1% position size, which is $1,000 on a $100,000 account, as you can see the liquidation price on this DCA of the accumulator, especially 5,900. So we're looking at the price today, it's 25,000. We could really pump that up. The safest as we're actually finding is putting that to around 1,500 is going to give you a reasonable liquidation level. Now, I also wanna point out that if you wanted zero risk at all, you could simply put this to a 0.5% liquidation level as 0.5% position size. And as you can see, there's absolutely zero liquidation risk, which means that you can trade Bitcoin using these settings risk-free. However, well, of course, Bitcoin will need to appreciate over time, which if you're here, means you probably believe that that will happen. But essentially, there's no risk of liquidation. So you pretty much just set and forget as you want. But of course, if you want to increase your returns, you want to increase your base order size in order to generate more returns. So if we go to this $1,500 price point, it's around a 1.5% position size. This is looking to be extremely safe. As you can see, the liquidation price here is around $1,900. So as you can see, we would be trading to a price down to $42,000, but we'd have a huge amount of, as you're about to see, we'd be dropping to around this level here, right out here. Historically, this hasn't even happened. So again, you could probably push that up a little bit. But anyway, the support call that you're going to be on, we're going to be using these levels of the purple line in order to gauge where you want to begin. Anything above that, like let's say, for example, we go for a 3% position size, which becomes quite aggressive. That would be more of a bullish setup. You'll see the liquidation price is now at 33, which again, it's not too bad, but it is starting to get to these levels here. As you can see, we do drop below this yellow line. What that would mean is that you would need to have adequate cash reserves in order to be able to protect the position probably for this range here. So again, to give you an example, if you added to this account 25%, if you had 25% cash reserves, you would see that liquidation price will now significantly drop to $30,000. So again, it does take a lot of money to drop that position size when using DCA. That's why we don't think that a 3% position size is something that you can run for very long, if at all. Again, we bring that 2,000, 2% position size. We'll see that gets us to 26, which again is probably going to be the best fit. It's right on the line there. If you have some cash reserves, like again, $25,000 cash reserves, you're definitely going to be able to protect that position if you need to. It's going to bring it down to around 21,000, which should be okay. So again, this is what we're going to be using the Power Law in order to help you set up those liquidation levels. Again, you can run it with a liquidation-free way, but again, it's all about what returns you want to get. So yeah, I just wanted to give you a quick video on how we're going to be making and helping you make these decisions. If you have any questions, just discuss it with support. \
\
\
video16\
Good morning everyone, Sebastian here from Minotaur Trading Systems. Today I'm going to be giving you a little explanation on how to set up the accumulator version 3 on a spot exchange such as Kraken or Coinbase. So for the sake of today's exercise I'm going to be doing this setup on Kraken, but I'll I'll show you the functionality and exactly what you'd need to do to set it up on Coinbase as well. It's essentially identical. So let's just make sure we have TradingView open. Let's also make sure we have WonderTrader open to do the connection. And let's get into it. So the first thing is always let's just make sure we've got a clean, fresh chart. You can do that by coming to the top right of the screen, clicking the Manage Layouts, and then clicking Create New Layout. Once you have a blank screen here, first thing I want you to do is set the time frame to one minute. Then we're going to find our pair. So for this example, we need to find the Kraken contract. So top right, you can see a list here. What we're going to do is just simply click that watch list. We're going to click the plus button. We're going to go to crypto. We're going to go to all sources. We're going to come down until we find Kraken. Here it is. And what we're looking for is the Bitcoin Tether USD contract, Bitcoin USDT. Okay. If we were doing this on Coinbase, we'd do the exact same thing. So if we go all sources on Coinbase, type in Bitcoin USDT, and there it is. Bitcoin slash Tether Coinbase. Okay. Now that we've loaded that in, let's just find the Kraken contract which is here. Okay, now that that's loaded we're going to go to indicators. For everyone else it's going to be under invite only and you're going to find the accumulator v3. Okay, load this in. Okay, now that that's loaded, let's go ahead and set up a fresh chart with the Minotaur DCA calculator. Once again, just create a new layer and then load this in. So this will be under indicators once again, and we're looking for the DCA liquidation calculator. Once this loads, there it is. Now we're going to go over to Wondertrading. We're going to click create bot trading view bot and create okay so I'm going to show you now the functions that you need to have selected when setting this up so let's head over to our accumulator v3 setup find the chart find the line item on the chart running across the screen I'm going to double click this here okay first step we need to do is make sure when trading on spot markets that this bottom message exit long is set to lock. Okay. After that, the backtest start date, we need to set to the current day. So for me, it's 27th. And we need to set the timer five minutes or 10 minutes beyond the current time. So right now it's 12 past eight. I'm going to click here. I'm going to find 8.15 or 8.30. This is going to give you a clean slate of trades, meaning you'll start from the beginning. Next step is to click Enable Take Profit and set that to 1.5. Okay, now let's learn how to use the DCA order management because this directly ties in with the calculator. So in the calculator, if you come to the top left once again here, double click. Okay, what we're going to do now is work out the base order, the safety order, the DCA order count, and I'll explain to you how this works. So we're going to set the DCA order count to 10. This is going to be the maximum amount of consecutive orders we're going to enter using the capital. The base order very simply is how much volume your first order will place. Safety order is how much volume your second order will place before the deviation starts. Deviation at 1% means that every time the market falls 1%, we're going to enter a new position with more capital. The reason we're adding more capital is to drag down the weighted overall price and the weighted average price. So the volume multiplier is 1.5, meaning every time the market deviates by 1%, we're going to add an additional 1.5 times the capital. This here though, the price deviation multiplier, this is very important. We're going to set this to 1.2. And this means rather than every 1% entering a position, we multiply that down. Okay. So now let's go here and copy across our settings to the calculator. You see how this looks. Obviously, the leverage is going to be set to 1, always on spot markets. Deviation will be 1. Okay. So, right now, as we can see, with these exact settings, Currently the required capital to run this setup is $11,433. Now the wallet, this is very important, is how much you're trading with. So if you're trading with $1,000, a setup like this just simply isn't going to work. So let's try increasing the capital to the required capital and see what happens. Okay, so right now at the moment... We're still missing the required capital for one order and this is going to cover a range from 1% drop down to 25% and essentially all we need is a 3% rally on any of these steps to get out of our position. When we get out of our position and start trading the step scale restarts meaning every time you close a deal, if you're at the 10th last one, you close out, start back at number one. Now not everyone's going to have $11,450 to inject into this onto a spot market. We do highly recommend you start with at least $5,000. Let me show you if you are starting with 5k, how you can go about adjusting this to get it to work. Okay, so first thing we can try and do to adjust this down is we can reduce the size of the base order and reduce the size of the safety order. We can also increase the safety step scale to 1.3. Okay, so if we increase the safety step scale, this is basically going to give us a more conservative setup but on the spot market we don't really need to do this. So we'll leave that at 1.2. just try changing the deviation meaning how often it enters positions to 1.5. Okay so we're still only getting seven orders at the moment so in my opinion we'll leave the deviation where it is but we'll try and drop down the base order and the safety order. Okay we're nearly there now what we'll do We'll increase the price deviation to 2 and see if this gets us to where we want to go. Nope, still not enough capital. So we'll leave this at 1.5 and we'll reduce the safety order down to 35. And there we go. So having all 10 orders covered, in my opinion, is always essential. We drop this price deviation back down to 1. Okay, we still have enough to completely cover all the orders. So what we can try and do now is increase this back up to 50. See what happens. Okay, so... There we go. So if you're investing around $5,000, this is probably the ideal setup and probably the best you can do. You just need to be aware that since your base order is only $50 in volume, it's going to be a little bit slow to start, but as you build up capital, you'll start getting really good growth. So now the goal is simply just to enter these exact calculator settings back in. Base order 50, safety order 40, price deviation, it's going to say at 1. Volume and safety step. Okay. Okay. Now that that's done, we can leave this open. We can head back over to Wondertrader and we can start to build our bot. So name it Accumulator V3. Time frame is going to be 1 minute. Make sure the exchange is Krappen or Coinbase, whatever exchange you're using. Okay. Now we're simply going to type in Bitcoin USDT. Okay, next step is to come down and click custom amount sent from trading view. Set our max open positions to 100. We're going to enable multiple entries and enable exit all. Turn off the stop loss, we don't need that. Stop loss is managed by the DCA order amount by the way, so there is exit conditions. Then we're going to click the "Enter Long" button. I'm going to paste that in here. I'm going to click the "Exit Long" button. I'll paste that in there. Okay. Now that that's done, what we can do is click the "OK" button. Come to the top right and click "Save". Okay, and now we need to create the alert. So if we come to the right hand side and click the "Alarm Clock", click the "Plus" button, make sure the condition is the Minotaur accumulator, which it is. to grab everything in the message and delete it. Come back to Wonder Trader, copy the alert message, paste that in here, okay, then we'll come to notifications, make sure you click webhook URL, if there's anything in there clear it. If it's blank, all you're going to do is copy the webhook URL here, paste in like so, click create. Now we can come down, click create bot, save and wait for the signal, and that's the whole setup done. \
\
video17\
Hey everyone, Sebastian here from Minotaur Trading Systems. Today I'm going to be teaching you how to set up a new version 3 accumulator on a futures exchange. I'll also be doing a separate video for spot exchanges like Coinbase and Kraken. But today's purpose is simply set this up on an exchange that offers futures, derivatives, and leverage services. For the sake of this video, I'm going to be using BingX, but this same method can be applied to essentially any futures exchange that works with us, such as Bybit, BitGet, KuCoin, so on and so forth. So what I want to do first is make sure we have TradingView open. Let's also make sure we have Wonder Trading open. And what you're going to need to do to set this up is have two panes open. So when you work with us, we're going to give you access, first of all, to the Minotaur calculator. I'll teach you how to use this today. And then we're also going to get access to the new Accumulator V3. What I highly recommend you do is set up the Minotaur calculator on its own separate layout and also set up the Accumulator V3 on its own layout. So before we load the strategy, first thing we want to do as always is make sure we're trading the right contract. This is very very important and if you don't trade the right contract, it's not going to work. So on the right hand side of trading view if we click this drop down button here and then go ahead and click the plus button, we can come over to crypto and we can find which exchange we're going to trade on. So click all sources. Obviously, if you're trading on a spot exchange such as Coinbase or Kraken, you'll be able to find that here. So Coinbase obviously is here Kraken is here, but once again, I'm using BingX for the sake of this video. So I'll click BingX here. Now, what we're going to see here next is all types. Just ignore that for now. What I'm going to be looking for is the Bitcoin USDT.P. And what we're looking for is the Bitcoin perpetual contract. If you're trading on Bybit, for example, or if you're trading on Femex or KuCoin or any other exchange, you'd simply go all sources, we'd find Bybit, which is here. And if you leave this ticker typed in, the Bitcoin USDT.P, you're gonna get the Bitcoin perpetual contract for Bybit. That's what we're looking for. And this applies the same for every futures exchange you're using. So I'm gonna go back to all sources, gonna go to BINX, and then I'm looking the perpetual contract, sorry, okay, which is here, load that in, okay, and then make sure we click on it, okay, so this is the Binance contract here, and this is the BingX contract, so this is very important, make sure you do this correctly, okay, next step is to put it on the one minute time frame, okay, now so it will be under invite only for everyone here. For me since we created it, it's going to be under personal and then I'm going to load in the accumulator version 3. Ok, let this load. Ok, now that it's loaded if we just find the line item on the screen, here it is, Minotaur accumulator v3, we're going to double click here. The first step is to make sure here this is set to USD. On futures exchanges, it's always set to USD. If you're trading on spot exchanges, you're gonna set it to lot. But since we're not, we're gonna set it to USD. The next step is going to be adjust the back test start date. The reason we do this is this will allow you to enter trades on a clean fresh slate immediately. As we can see down here, right now, it's showing as 11.14, time on my trading view. So what I'm going to make sure first of all is the date is set to today, so the 26th. And all we're going to do is adjust the time to be five minutes past what it currently is. So here it's 11.15. For the sake of the exercise, I'm going to set it to 11.30, but just set it at the earliest available time after. This way you're getting a fresh, clean slate of trades. The next step is to click the enable take profit. Step this to 1.5. Okay. Now as we make our way down, what we have here is the DCA order management. This is where you are going to need to use the calculator, depending on how much you are investing into the algorithm, to get the right settings for you. And I'm going to explain to you how this works now. So let's head over to our other pane and pull up the Minotaur DCA calculator. And let's figure out how this works and how to use it. So if we double click here, just like we did on the strategy, this is where we are going to adjust our calculator based on what we're doing. Now, don't stress too much about the symbol. You can set this to BingX if you want. Okay. So let this load. So if you guys want to, you can set this to the exchange you're using. It's not crucial, but you can do that. Now, your wallet is where your funds, the exact amount of funds you are using, is going to be entered. So let's say you're using $10,000 on a futures account. Let me explain to you exactly how this works as we make our way down. So the base order is the first order that's going to be executed in the chain of orders. Now the base order volume in US dollars is how much you are going to use. So if you set this to $100, if you are trading on a spot account, since there is no margin, what this means is it would simply use $100 of margin out of your account. If, for example, you are on futures like this, and you set the base order to $100, Since the account is $10,000, what that means is that the base order will only use 1% of your margin. In a theory, if you're using 10x leverage. So to simplify this, because this might confuse some people, let's say you had a wallet of $1,000 and you were using 10x leverage. And you used a base order of 100. What this means is that it would only use 10%, sorry, 1% of your margin to get you there, right? So the key here is to get the base order and the safety order as high as possible while maintaining all 10 orders. And I'll explain to you how this works now. So what we have is a max safety count, right? What this means is that the order is going to be stepped down with volume, which will allow you to essentially layer your way into a position. And all you'll need is a 3% price rally to get out of your position. This is why we set the take profit to be low. So with a wallet of $1,000 using 10x leverage, what we can see right now is that orders 9 and 10 are red. What this means is that you don't have enough required capital to actually set this up correctly. And you always need to make sure all 10 orders are clear, no red. So what it's saying right now, with a base order of 100, safety order of 200, we don't have enough capital. So if we would simply adjust this to 100 and 100, see what happens. Okay, now we're nearly there. So we're still not having enough capital to get down to this last position. And getting to this last position is very, very important because you need to cover the full scope. That way you're actually making the maximum money and covering the highest range. This is an example of an aggressive setup since we're going to cover 25% price drops in Bitcoin's price. What this means is that essentially the only way for you to lose in this scenario is if Bitcoin deviates 25% to the downside without a 3% rally. Now the chances of this happening are very, very low, but you need to understand this is the risk involved in trading this strategy. So how much you want to cover is up to you. And depending on the deviation, you can really cover as much as you want. What you need to be aware of is that the more that you cover, the slower your algorithm is going to be. But this is why this strategy is so powerful, because you can either set it up highly aggressive, or you can set it up very conservative. So in this example, we're currently needing 1,143 required capital for this setup to work. So there's a few different things we can do here. First thing we can do is increase our leverage to allow us to get the capital we need. So if we increase the leverage to 11, we still don't have enough. So if we increase the leverage to 12, there we go. So with 12x leverage, $1,000 in the wallet, what this means is you can essentially cover Bitcoin's price down to 25 with a liquidation of 51k, meaning if the price hits 51k on one candle without a rally, you will be liquidated. So this is what you need to understand. This is where also fund management comes into it. But you've got to understand the odds of this happening are extremely low. We're betting against the tail and we're using technical edge to get in and out of these positions. What you'll find historically, it's very rare to see a price drop of more than 12.5% without a 3% rally. But if you want to go conservative, there's a number of ways to do this. What I want to explain to you now is how the price deviation works, how the safety volume scale works, and how the safety step scale works. So with the price deviation, what this means is each time with one, so if you've got price deviation of one, that means each time Bitcoin's price falls by 1%, it'll enter a new position with more volume. But what you need to understand is the safety step scale. We set this to 1.2, and that's actually going to make the deviation 1.2 times. And you'll see this in the example here. Let's say you have a 1% deviation with a 1.2 safety step scale. The next trade we enter will be at 2.2%. Next trade we enter will be at 3.6, then 5.3, then 7.4. So it is deviating by 1.2% multiplying all the way down. So one way to get an immediate deviation without adjusting the price deviation here would be to adjust the safety step scale simply to 1.3. Once again be aware this is going to slow things down significantly but now we are covering Bitcoin's price dropping to 42 percent. To me this in my opinion is you know you can never say impossible but the odds of this happening are almost slim to none. So this is an extremely conservative and safe setup that will cover Bitcoin's price essentially dropping from its current price down to 42% without a 3% rally. As long as you get a 3% rally on any of these steps, you're out of your position. This is what's important to understand. So this is a very safe setup, but very conservative. And in my opinion, if you want to go a little bit aggressive, you only really need to cover 25 to 30%, but it's your own discretion. So if we put this back to 1.2, we'll see we get back to a 25% coverage. Now another example would be using a larger investment since we're using quite a bit of leverage here. Let's say you had a wallet size of $10,000. As you increase your wallet size, the goal now, because you're trading with more capital, would be to increase your base and safety order. The reason you do this is the first base order you take, if the market is bullish, what you'll often see is we'll take one base order, the market will increase, you'll take profit. But since the take profit is only 1.5%, what this means it's going to be a 1.5% of your base order. So if your base order volume is only $100, it's 1.5% of $100, meaning it's not going to be huge profits. So what we can actually do is up the base order here, up the safety order, the $500 volume. Let's see what happens. Okay, so what we're noticing is by upping the base order and safety order to $500 and $500, the required capital is still only $4763. So we can actually push this up quite a bit and the reason you'll do this once again is in a bullish market you can make a lot of money on these base and safety orders just entering up closing entering up closing so we want to get this as high as possible until we see red here and then we reduce it to cover again so let's adjust the base and safety order to a thousand and see what happens okay so right now we are still getting a full coverage 25 percent with base order and safety order at a thousand and a thousand that's pretty powerful because what this means now is your base order is going to be like really solid in terms of a profit and we could potentially even push this higher so let's try 1100 base order and a thousand safety order okay still there so we just work our way up until we see red okay so there we go we've pushed it too far simply set the safety order back to a thousand leave the base order at 1100 12x leverage remains okay so now we've got a really solid setup so what we can do is go back to our accumulator and now we can set our base order volume to 1100. Okay, set our safety order volume to 1000. Okay, our DCA order count is always going to be 10. So we're going to set that to 10. Price deviation is going to be 1. Okay, volume multiplier is going to be 1.5. And the order price deviation multiplier, this is the safety step. So we're going to set that to 1.2. Okay. And we're going to leave this as is for now. Okay. So now that we've got this set up, I'm going to head back over to Wonder Trading. I'm going to head to Signal Bot on the left-hand side. And then we're going to go Create Bot. From here, we're going to go Trading View Bot. Create. Okay. The first step is going to be calling this "Emulator V3". Make sure you have the right exchange linked. Make sure the time frame is set to one minute. Here obviously needs to be Bitcoin. Okay. Now before we go ahead and do any automation, we want to come down now and we're going to be clicking "Custom Amount" sent from trading view here. I'm going to set the max open positions to 100. I'm going to set multiple entries. I'm going to set exit all. Okay, we're going to leave reduce only for exit ticked. We're not going to add a stop loss as the funds are already managed. Okay, now the goal is simply to grab the enter long here. Back to trading view. And that one's going to get pasted in here. Now we'll grab the exit long here. It's going to be pasted in here. Once you have that done, you've got your time set, take profit, hard exit, you've got all your correct DCA settings. Now click OK. And at the top right we're going to click Save. Now what we're going to do is click the alert button on the right hand side, click the plus button. Now click the condition, make sure it's the Minotaur accumulator v3. v3 accumulator. Now we're going to delete everything inside the message. Back to wonder trading, make sure we grab alert message here. So we'll be entered in like so. Now we head to notifications. Just going to make sure the webhook URL is on. Copy the webhook here. Okay. We're going to click Create. Okay, there it is. Confirmed. Now we can simply head back to Wondertrader. Head all the way down, click Create Bot, save and wait for the signal. So a bit more of a complex setup today, everyone. Hopefully that made a lot of sense. Once again, if you're struggling with anything and you found this setup video overwhelming, please just book in a call with our support. Our support are experts on this and they can set you up on this in 15 to 20 minutes, have all the correct settings for you up and running. If you're able to understand this video, fantastic. Go ahead and do a setup by yourself. But once again, if anything's not functioning, if you've missed something, just book a call with support. They'll get you set up perfectly. Next video is going to be the spot market setup. So looking forward to the next one. and good luck trading everyone. \
\
video18\
Great, so if you're watching this video, hopefully you're already set up or you've booked your call with support in order to get set up with our strategies, the Minotaur Maximizer and of course the Minotaur Accumulator. These are going to be your anchors in the volatile seas of trading. And here's why patience and strategy are key when running these algorithms and why they work to your advantage. Firstly, they use a concept called DCA, dollar cost averaging. So what they're doing is they're making regular, well, not regular investments, but they're making investments at a price or certain prices over an extended amount of time, which is great. This is going to smooth out the overall volatility over time. It's kind of like watering a plant. Too much at once isn't always good. So regular intervals are the way to go. And what we're doing is then we're spreading out the weighted average price, and then we're taking profit when the prices increase. So again, it's a patient strategy that uses a week off cycle, which is using the market's rhythm that can help us identify the best times to buy and sell. This is akin to catching the wave at just the right moment for the best surf ride. And we're also with these groups taking advantage of mean reversion. This is when prices tend to return to an average over time. If you notice prices swinging widely, this principle can help you anticipate a return to normal typical levels. And this is exactly what the algorithms are doing. Now, keep in mind that these algorithms are designed to minimize the risk of significant losses, especially in the digital currency markets. Now, if you're trading the spot markets, in other words, without any leverage, there's very little risk that comes with using these strategies because of the three above reasons, the dollar cost averaging, the week off cycle, and the mean reversion. All you need to do is hold on. If there is a slight drawdown, don't worry because we are trading commodities and assets that are going to appreciate in price, especially from the buying position that we're taking. They do require a bit of patience to see their full potential, usually unfolding over 30 to 90 days. So it's about giving these strategies time to work through their cycles and let them do their magic. Now, if you're looking for more high-frequency trading, you're going to be looking at the scripts below. You might be tempted to explore these high-frequency trading algorithms, and these are sophisticated tools that operate at a much faster pace, and they do adjust to market conditions in real time. However, they come with their own set of challenges. Firstly, market sensitivity. These algorithms are powerful, but require a keen understanding of market signals. They're not a set-it-forget-it solutions as the ones above, and they do sometimes need active management. Risk management as well, given their speed and complexity, it's crucial to stay on top of these algorithms in order to mitigate their potential losses. So again, if you're looking for a complete hands-off system, be patient and use the algorithms above the Minotaur Maximizer and the Accumulator. But if you are looking for more high-frequency trading and a variety of strategies, then please continue with the ones below. Our team is here to support you offering guidance on setup and optimization. But this is beyond the ideal setup that we set you up with to begin with, the Minotaur Maximizer and the Accumulator. And while you can manage these tools on your own, just remember that our expert calls are only one call away. You can book in a call with support when you need it. Just a quick statement on leverage. While it can amplify gains, it can also increase exposure to risk. Our strategies and results shared thus far have not relied on any kind of leverage. All the trading review data that we show you is leverage free. So leverage is a tool that can boost your trading strategy, but requires careful consideration and risk management. Remember, our scripts, our high trading strategies, all have built-in risk management. That will stop them from trading if they stop performing the way we intend them to. For example, if there's a certain amount of losses in a row, that will stop trading. If they hit a maximum daily drawdown, they will stop trading. But let me give you an example. Let's say the maximum daily drawdown is 12%, which is kind of possible in the world of digital currencies. As you know, it is very volatile. If you're using only a 2x leverage, that 12% could become a 24% drawdown. If you're using 3x leverage, that 12% can become a 36% drawdown, which means you could panic and realize some losses, where if you were just trading the spot mark without leverage, you might have been able to absorb that 6% to 12% drawdown. If it occurred, you wouldn't have panicked so much. So please be aware that this is the case, that if the script is losing, but it hasn't shut itself off, it will most likely begin to perform again. However, if you're using leverage, you are exposing yourself to additional risks. So whether you're solidifying your foundation with just the Minotaur maximizer and the accumulator, or if you're going to speed ahead with the high frequency trading algorithms, remember that trading is a journey of continuous learning and adaptation on your end and also on ours as well. Our team is here to support you every step of the way, helping you navigate the complexities and opportunities of the market. So let's just keep moving forward together on this journey with patience, strategy, and a keen eye on managing risks. Your trading adventure is well underway, and we're excited to see where it's going to lead along with ours. }